# Draft
Due to the highly sensitive position of a CCP in financial market, in this report, I will not write about and sesitive information includes custmer's information and CME Default Management's working details. Insrtead I will focus on what knid of knowledge is important and my own experience gained from daily working.  
2. The topic of the part two is to introduce the requirement of the position and the interview base on what I have explained at part one.
Firstly, the hard skill required by this position is the understanding of basic derivatives and the skills in Python and Excel VBA. For the derivatives such as options, futures, swaps, one should not understand the contract specs, way of trading but also the method to hedge a portofolio that contains these instruments. The sofe skills is also very important, though not very hard to learn, but in dayliy communication with other groups and other companies, it is critial to perform nicly and professionally. Also, during the interview, some related questions were asked and I leaened that why they asked it and what can be asked in different interviews.
3. Topic of the part three is to give a overall view of the liquidity risk in default management and the way to view the liquidity risk at a CCP (or system) level. I will also compare the systematic risk, credit risk and liquidity risk at the CCP level and then expalin why people spent more time on tracting and mitigating the liquidity risk. Thirdly, I will introduce the general way to evaluate the liquidity risk and what kind of tools we can acquire from open source and what how we should use that. I will also analyse the importance of data and thus the importance of keep the data confidential. At last, I will analyse the difference in liquidity risk management in difference derivative and emphasize the importance of liquidity risk management under the new risk management and regulation environmant atfer the crisis.
4. Topic of this part is to introduce the skills I learned from building and improving the risk management tools; and also I will analyse the importance of knowing coding skills and what knid of coding skill is more preferrable given difference careers in financial area. Two of the language I have been worked with is Python and Excel VBA. For Python, I basically use it to improve the efficiency of calculating massive amount of data and do some manipulation for multiple target which is hard to be applied with automation. For VBA, it is more faced to daily use and for small data sizes. I will anaiyze these two skills. Also, I will mention about C#，and R. Then I will analyze which is more important for buy side, sell side or CCPs.
